So, once again, I kinda jumped the gun.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Say goodbye to [LAUGH]
>> This is a little bit-
>> Goodbye to everyone too
quickly, right-
>> Yup.
>> In the last video.
But, you know, as always,
we're gonna summarize the course here.
Or, not the course, but
>> Course here.
>> I think the lesson here and
the course might be a little bit-
>> Talk about it,
this is the last video of this
whole entire course, right?
>> Yeah, so
what did we go over in this lesson?
I know it was just kind of
a lot of us talking
>> Mm-hm.
>> about just fun stuff, and
trying to motivate you guys.
>> Right.
>> But, what's the takeaway?
The takeaway is that Internet of things
VOIP data transfer over, through
packets over the Internet networks,
it's an ever-growing market right now.
And it's just so there's so
much products to be made and there's so
much advancements to be had.
>> Yeah.
You remember it's like all do it yourself,
so you just you know have a crazy idea,
awesome idea, work on it.
Try to make it work.
And then bring it to someone.
Try to get some sponsorships or
something, it will be really cool.
>> Yeah, so there's plenty of resources
out there and we talked about
the smart home, the smart office,
VoIP going over to everything over to IP.
And we look forward to
hearing from you all.
Yeah, so
takeaway is that show us some cool stuff.
>> Yeah, make something awesome.
>> Make something awesome.
>> Maybe profit from it.
>> Yeah and then share.
>> Yeah.
>> But cool, so
our next course on multimedia.
We look forward to seeing you there.
And once again, goodbye.
We'll see you in the next course,
hopefully soon.